#Project1 Bicycle Company Power Bi dashboard shows the sales performance of a bicycle company called Adventure Works for the years 2015 to 2017:

1st Page: Shows the overall sales summary. It’s been observed that the highest number of orders are being placed on accessories, followed by bikes. Monthly revenue generation is at 1.83 million, which is more than the set target, and monthly orders placed are quite close to the target. The highest number of orders are placed for water bottles of 30 oz, whereas the highest profit-making product is the Mountain 200 Black bike. The highest revenue and profit are generated in the USA, followed by Australia.

2nd Page: Highlights the weekly product details of the selected product. The top part of the page shows the radar, reflecting the current month's order, revenue, and return vs. target. The effect of a change in the product price on the profit has been analyzed, and a forecast of weekly profit for the next 10 weeks has also been calculated.

3rd Page: Highlights the customer details. The number of orders placed, and revenue generated has increased over the years. The highest revenue of 1.8 million was generated in June 2017. The highest revenue generated by a customer is $12,500 by placing 6 orders. And he belongs to the average income segment, having a professional occupation.


#Project2 FP20 Competition PowerBi
I have created a Power BI dashboard to analyze Mediterranean Camera Company's sales performance. During this challenge, we had to prepare a two-page report based on a dataset, in which we included the following information:
Page 1: Overview of the Company's Sales Performance YTD Report
Page 2: Analysis of Product Data and Time Intelligence Report
 
Overview Insights
1) QoQ sales increased by 21% in quarter 3, but quarter 4 recorded the highest profit, as net sales were highest in October and December, with 12 million each.
2) Institution Buyer were found to be the most profitable ones with an annual profit of 63%
3) The highest sales are recorded on weekdays.
 
Product Analysis Insights.
It is focused on monthly trend analysis of quantity sold and profit earned. It also depicts the most profitable country for the company.
1) As shown, camera 3 is found to have sold the most in all the months because it was the most discounted product. However, the profit was highest in the months of June and December.
2) The unit sold is highest in France, followed by the UK and Italy. But the profit is recorded at its highest in France.
3) Cameras 1 and 2 are the least sold products in all the countries but still profitable.
 
Suggestions
1)     Cameras 4, 5, and 6 have almost all been sold in the same quantity of around 125K, but the profit is earned at its maximum by Camera 5, even though the discount is highest for Camera 6. For the best results, the pricing strategy of Camera 5 should be applied to Cameras 4 and 6.
2)     The marketing strategy in France should be analyzed further and implemented in Greece and the UK to improve business. 
